Skip to main content Join us at PyTorch Conference North America  Oct 2021  San Jose CA Search Close Search search Menu Learn Get Started Tutorials Learn the Basics PyTorch Recipes Intro to PyTorch  YouTube Series Webinars Community Landscape Logos and Artwork Join the Ecosystem Community Hub Forums Developer Resources Events Working Groups Meeting Calendar Contributor Awards Ambassadors Projects PyTorch Executorch vLLM DeepSpeed Ray Helion Safetensors Host Your Project Docs PyTorch Domains Blog  News Blog Announcements Case Studies Newsletter About PyTorch Foundation Members Governing Board Technical Advisory Council Cloud Credit Program Staff Contact Brand Guidelines JOIN search JOIN US PyTorch Conference North America October 2021 2026 San Jose CA PyTorchCon SUBMIT TO SPEAK SPONSOR Get Started  Install PyTorch Locally or Launch Instantly on Supported Cloud Platforms Get started June 10 2026 in Blog Portable vLLM Model Inference Kernels in Helion TLDR Helion kernels were integrated into vLLM for FP8 inference using Qwen3 models and evaluated across NVIDIA H100 and B200 GPUs. The experiments show that Helion provides a productive PyTorchnative Read More June 3 2026 in Blog Using Muon Optimizer with DeepSpeed TLDR DeepSpeed now supports Muon Optimizer Muon Optimizer has gained great momentum with significant adoption from frontier AI Labs. One of those AI Labs is Moonshot AI which has adopted Read More June 1 2026 in Blog  Case Studies How LinkedIn Uses PyTorch to Solve ExtremeScale Optimization Problems TLDR This case study demonstrates how LinkedIn rearchitected its distributed linear programming solver DuaLip by developing a GPUaccelerated PyTorch version to handle extremescale optimization challenges like web applications. This transition Read More Join PyTorch Foundation As a member of the PyTorch Foundation youll have access to resources that allow you to be stewards of stable secure and longlasting codebases. You can collaborate on training local and regional events opensource developer tooling academic research and guides to help new users and contributors have a productive experience. EXPLORE BENEFITS Key Features  Capabilities Production Ready Transition seamlessly between eager and graph modes with TorchScript and accelerate the path to production with TorchServe. Distributed Training Scalable distributed training and performance optimization in research and production is enabled by the torch.distributed backend. Robust Ecosystem A rich ecosystem of tools and libraries extends PyTorch and supports development in computer vision NLP and more. Cloud Support PyTorch is well supported on major cloud platforms providing frictionless development and easy scaling. Install PyTorch Select your preferences and run the install command. Stable represents the most currently tested and supported version of PyTorch. This should be suitable for many users. Preview is available if you want the latest not fully tested and supported builds that are generated nightly. Please ensure that you have met the prerequisites below e.g. numpy  depending on your package manager. You can also install previous versions of PyTorch . Note that LibTorch is only available for C. NOTE Latest Stable PyTorch requires Python 3.10 or later. PyTorch Build Your OS Package Language Compute Platform Run this Command PyTorch Build Stable 2.7.0 Preview Nightly Your OS Linux Mac Windows Package Pip LibTorch Source Language Python C  Java Compute Platform CUDA 11.8 CUDA 12.6 CUDA 12.8 ROCm 6.3 CPU Run this Command pip3 install torch torchvision torchaudio indexurl httpsdownload.pytorch.orgwhlcu118 Previous versions of PyTorch Quick Start With Cloud Partners Get up and running with PyTorch quickly through popular cloud platforms and machine learning services. Amazon Web Services PyTorch on AWS Amazon SageMaker AWS Deep Learning Containers AWS Deep Learning AMIs Google Cloud Platform Cloud Deep Learning VM Image Deep Learning Containers Microsoft Azure PyTorch on Azure Azure Machine Learning Azure Functions Lightning Studios lightning.ai Ecosystem BROWSE PROJECTS Featured Projects Explore a rich ecosystem of libraries tools and more to support development. Captum Captum comprehension in Latin is an open source extensible library for model interpretability built on PyTorch. PyTorch Geometric PyTorch Geometric is a library for deep learning on irregular input data such as graphs point clouds and manifolds. skorch skorch is a highlevel library for PyTorch that provides full scikitlearn compatibility. Companies  Universities Using PyTorch Amazon Advertising Reduce inference costs by 71 and scale out using PyTorch TorchServe and AWS Inferentia. READ CASE STUDIES Salesforce Pushing the state of the art in NLP and Multitask learning. Stanford University Using PyTorchs flexibility to efficiently research new algorithmic approaches. Docs Access comprehensive developer documentation for PyTorch View Docs  Tutorials Get indepth tutorials for beginners and advanced developers View Tutorials  Resources Find development resources and get your questions answered View Resources  Stay in touch for updates event info and the latest news By submitting this form I consent to receive marketing emails from the LF and its projects regarding their events training research developments and related announcements. I understand that I can unsubscribe at any time using the links in the footers of the emails I receive. Privacy Policy . xtwitter facebook linkedin youtube github slack discord  2026 PyTorch. Copyright  The Linux Foundation. All rights reserved. The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For more information including terms of use privacy policy and trademark usage please see our Policies page. Trademark Usage . Privacy Policy . Close Menu Learn Get Started Tutorials Learn the Basics PyTorch Recipes Intro to PyTorch  YouTube Series Webinars Community Landscape Logos and Artwork Join the Ecosystem Community Hub Forums Developer Resources Events Working Groups Meeting Calendar Contributor Awards Ambassadors Projects PyTorch Executorch vLLM DeepSpeed Ray Helion Safetensors Host Your Project Docs PyTorch Domains Blog  News Blog Announcements Case Studies Newsletter About PyTorch Foundation Members Governing Board Technical Advisory Council Cloud Credit Program Staff Contact Brand Guidelines JOIN